Fix/scrubdevel (#10475)
kgateway-dev/kgateway: devel/contributing/pull-requests.md

# Pull Requests

This doc explains the best practices for submitting a pull request to the [kgateway project](https://github.com/kgateway-dev/kgateway).
It should serve as a reference for all contributors, and be useful especially useful to new and infrequent submitters.

> This document serves as a [kgateway](https://github.com/kgateway-dev/kgateway) repo extension of the org level contribution guide lines https://github.com/ilrudie/kgw-community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document serves as a [kgateway](https://github.com/kgateway-dev/kgateway) repo extension of the [org-level contribution guidelines](https://github.com/kgateway-dev/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

# Submission Process
Merging a pull request requires the following steps to be completed before the pull request will be merged automatically.
- [Open a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- Pass all [automated tests](automation.md)
- Get all necessary approvals from reviewers and code owners

> Even if you have followed these steps, it is good practice to add a `# WORK IN PROGRESS` section to the PR and outline the work that is still to be done.

Reviewer: this sentence used to belong in the "unfinished pull requests" section. do we want to remove it, or rewrite it so that it fits in with above? e.g. "If you want to solicit reviews before the implementation of your pull request is complete, it is good practice to ..."

> Even if you have followed these steps, it is good practice to add a `# WORK IN PROGRESS` section to the PR and outline the work that is still to be done.

Author: ```suggestion
```
